5. FAQ
======

**1.Q: What type of battery does the NANO PLUS expansion board
require?**

**A:** A 6F22 9 V battery. Dimensions: thickness 26.5 mm, width 17.5 mm,
height 48.5 mm.

**2.Q: What should I do if an error occurs while uploading a sketch to
the NANO PLUS board?**

**A:**

- Check whether the USB COM port is correct.
- Verify that the selected board model in the IDE matches your hardware.
- Remove the Bluetooth module before uploading code; reinstall it after
  a successful upload.

**3.Q: What if the MPU6050 reports an ID of 0xFF?**

**A:** Make sure the MPU6050 module is correctly seated on the expansion
board.

**4.Q: How can I correct large deviations in the Euler angles from the
MPU6050?**

**A:** Keep the MPU6050 level before data collection. Press the reset
button and wait about 3 s for re-initialization.

**5.Q: Can I attach additional modules to the expansion board?**

**A:** Yes, you can.

**6.Q: The NANO PLUS board shows no response and the power LED is off
after power-up. What should I check?**

**A:** Verify the 9 V battery level. The normal operating voltage range
is 6 – 9 V.

**7.Q: May I connect an external power supply to the expansion board?**

**A:** Yes, but it must be a regulated 5 V supply.

**8.Reference Links**

| Official website:
| https://www.keyestudio.com/

| Mecanum-wheel robot car:
| `https://www.keyestudio.com <https://www.keyestudio.com/products/keyestudio-4wd-mecanum-robot-car-for-arduino-stem-smart-diy-robot-car-kit>`__

| BT24 slave Bluetooth module:
| `https://www.keyestudio.com/products/keyestudio <https://www.keyestudio.com/products/keyestudio-wireless-data-transmission-dailog-14531-chip-dx-bt24-v51-bluetooth-module->`__

| MPU6050 datasheet:
| https://www.invensense.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/MPU-6000-Datasheet1.pdf
| https://www.invensense.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/MPU-6000-Register-Map1.pdf

| Arduino official site:
| https://www.arduino.cc/
